feat: add startswith and endswith funcs (#31220)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/functions/startswith.mdx

---
page_title: startsswith - Functions - Configuration Language
description: |-
  The startswith function takes a given string and a given prefix value,
  and returns true if the first given string contains the given value at its beginning.
---

# `startswith` Function

`startswith` takes a given string and a given prefix value,
and returns true if the first given string contains the given value at its beginning.

```hcl
startswith(string, prefix)
```

## Examples

```
> startswith("hello world", "hello")
true

> startswith("hello world", "world")
false
```

## Related Functions

> - [`endswith`](/language/functions/endswith) takes a given string and a given suffix value,
>   and returns true if the first given string contains the given value at its end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`endswith`](/language/functions/endswith) takes two values: a string to check and a suffix string. The function returns true if the first string ends with that exact suffix value.
```
